Hey team,

This session is about discussing the BOLDSHOW complex briefings and related aspects:

It consists of 3 main building types that are arranged in a hexagonal layout within a bold and unique landscape.

We're going to initially assign 2 resources onto this task while the rest of the team runs with the PR collection.

Please note these are interim planning notes and they will be further refined with corresponding drive folders and formal briefs soon.

Great news: we got all these building layouts sketches ready for you.

More exciting news to be expected.

Thank you,
Bata


--- plan:

BOLDSHOW (BS) - complex:

3 building types that will be used in a hexagonal layout

each beuilding has 4 flooors and is inspired by the peanut shape implying these buildings aren't having straight walls. They're quite organic.

the floor layouts are provided
the the building sizes are provided
the sides are bprovided (widht and leght)

each building has a runway (first floor)
each building has hallways filled with statues (second floor and 3rd floor)
each building has a top level which is also a run but smaller only that this top floor has a diamond inspired roor like on righs so the roof is glass so it the sites. From the outside you want to be able to see what's going inside like you're sseeing trough a sapphire

BUILDSINGS inspo folder:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1zjTYohdwisTWyIBN49RWeRrrV0l_uEjt?usp=share_link


For more details please ask Drijke since she's the one who's working on this.
the sketches and the overal layout.

Ideally, the steps we do modell the exterior and entiors before mondelling the status stands, runways, and adding in the shelves, patters and chairs.
assign 


other tasks:

BOLD BEACH (BB) - complex:
-- add the remaining characters to the Jetski - 3 wheeler scenes that was stsrated by ALex - incoude any number of the guys especially the ones who worked on the CW LOOKS would need to add their characters to the scene with the sneakers.


Ponte Reye (PR):
-- assign 3 resources to start on this task and workedout the timelines


BOLD WALKS (BW):
--- assign the FEMALE bold walks to 2 resources
--- assign the MALE bold walks to 2 resources



3 buildings that will be used in a hexagonal layout og the BOLDSHOW. FOuntains, statues, plants, lights, chairs and landscape will be added in anbd round the BOLdSHOw complex.

BOldSHow is the BOLDLAND fashionn show that will host both Chatty WHims (CW) and POnte Reye (PR) fashion shows.



